It is up to you to get rid of the
water chlorine a very simple way water
from the street down the street passing the police
sand maranha the sand barrier and
falling here on the other side already totally
filtered and dechlorinated passes by clicking
here's all torn down to
fall with very good flow in the lake as
You can see this water is already the
enough to keep the lake full
and maintain the water level.
now we are going to test the text on chlorine in
Water
Chlorine tests a chlorine developer in the
Water was put to the test
risk
shake without chlorine and one will do the same
process with chlorine water direct water
from street
the difference